README.md, before:

# ChocolateyGUI
ChocolateyGUI is a user interface for Chocolatey NuGet (a Machine Package Manager for Windows - see http://chocolatey.org).

##Installation
You can install ChocolateyGUI via Chocolatey by executing:
 
```choco install ChocolateyGUI```

If you are interested in trying out the latest pre-release version of ChocolateyGUI then you can use the following installation command:

```choco install ChocolateyGUI -source https://www.myget.org/F/chocolateygui/ -pre```

This uses the public ChocolateyGUI feed which is hosed on [MyGet.org](https://www.myget.org) as the source.

##Build Status
###ChocolateyGUI Master Branch
[![ChocolateyGUI Build Status](https://www.myget.org/BuildSource/Badge/chocolateygui?identifier=124190bb-ec73-4776-bfb3-e07bc6658e35)](https://www.myget.org/F/chocolateygui)

## Support
If you find any problems with ChocolateyGUI, please raise an issue [here](https://github.com/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI/issues/new).

If you want to ask any questions about ChocolateyGUI, please issue the forum [here](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/chocolateygui)

Or, you can come and chat to the development team here:
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI.png)](https://gitter.im/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI)

## Features:
* View all **installed** and **available** packages
* **Update** installed but outdated packages
* **Install** and **uninstall** packages
* See detailed **package information**

![ChocolateyGUI screenshot](http://blogs.lessthandot.com/wp-content/uploads/users/chrissie1/chocolatey/ChocoGUI1.png?mtime=1360428609)
## Blog Posts and external articles

* [All new ChocolateyGUI](http://blogs.lessthandot.com/index.php/SysAdmins/OS/Windows/all-new-chocolateygui) by chrissie1
* [Making a chocolatey package for ChocolateyGUI.](http://blogs.lessthandot.com/index.php/DesktopDev/MSTech/making-a-chocolatey-package) by chrissie1
* [ChocolateyGUI](http://blogs.lessthandot.com/index.php/DesktopDev/MSTech/chocolatey-gui) by chrissie1

Commit message:

(#137) Updated readme
- Checked all links are valid
- Updated main image
- Added new Build Status Badge

README.md, after:

# ChocolateyGUI
ChocolateyGUI is a user interface for [Chocolatey NuGet](http://chocolatey.org) (a Machine Package Manager for Windows).

##Installation
You can install ChocolateyGUI via Chocolatey itself by executing:
 
```choco install ChocolateyGUI```

If you are interested in trying out the latest pre-release version of ChocolateyGUI then you can use the following installation command:

```choco install ChocolateyGUI -source https://www.myget.org/F/chocolateygui/ -pre```

This uses the public ChocolateyGUI feed which is hosed on [MyGet.org](https://www.myget.org) as the source.

##Build Status
###ChocolateyGUI Master Branch
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/21psh7flvro8buhm)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/GaryEwanPark/chocolateygui)

## Support
If you find any problems with ChocolateyGUI, please raise an issue [here](https://github.com/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI/issues/new).

If you want to ask any questions about ChocolateyGUI, please use the forum [here](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/chocolateygui)

Or, you can come and chat to the development team here:
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI.png)](https://gitter.im/chocolatey/ChocolateyGUI)

## Features:
* View all **installed** and **available** packages
* **Update** installed but outdated packages
* **Install** and **uninstall** packages
* See detailed **package information**

![image](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1271146/4349077/4a3e3cbc-41a7-11e4-8806-63048ea626f3.png)

## Blog Posts and external articles

**NOTE:** Some of these articles refer to an older, Windows Forms, implementation of ChocolateyGUI, but they are still relevant.

* [All new ChocolateyGUI](http://blogs.lessthandot.com/index.php/SysAdmins/OS/Windows/all-new-chocolateygui) by chrissie1
* [Making a chocolatey package for ChocolateyGUI.](http://blogs.lessthandot.com/index.php/DesktopDev/MSTech/making-a-chocolatey-package) by chrissie1
* [ChocolateyGUI](http://blogs.lessthandot.com/index.php/DesktopDev/MSTech/chocolatey-gui) by chrissie1
